# Executive Order 2 - Continuity of Freedoms and Rights
Signed on 1 July 2020

To establish a comprehensive protocol on the continuity of rights and freedoms of all citizens and the constitutional government of the Republic of Aurora. 

Accordingly, it is hereby ordered as follows:


## Section 1: General Principles
1. The Republic of Aurora will continue the exercise polices introduced by Executive Order 1 and protect the rights and freedoms of all citizens and of all other persons under the provision of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.

2. Continuity Emergency refers to any incident that could violate the rights and freedoms that are protected by Executive Order 1 and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.

3. The Government of the Republic of Aurora Equity shall continue functioning of our form of government under the Executive Order 1 during and in the aftermath of a Continuity Emergency.


## Section 2: Alert State

1. Under the condition of Tier 4, no foreseeable threat to the continuity of rights and freedoms of all citizens and the constitutional government of the Republic of Aurora can be seen, Protocol 1 in Section 3 shall be exercised to prepare the Republic for any potential emergency.

2. Under the condition of Tier 3, the Government of the Republic of Aurora shall have the capability to relocate all its data to an alternative location in a different political region within 24 hours.

3. Under the condition of Tier 2, the Government of the Republic of Aurora shall have the capability to relocate all its data to an alternative location in a different political region within 2 hours.

4. Status of Tier 1 will be announced as the President of the Republic of Aurora issue the Continuity Fallback Order. Under this condition, Protocol 2 and 3 in Section 3 shall be exercised.


## Section 3: Data Security Measures
1. All data generated by Aurora Citizens shall be encrypted when transportation is required. These data shall be backup daily, encrypted with SHA-265 and store in at least two different political regions listed in the classified Continuity Annexes. 

2. All copies of data managed by the Government of the Republic of Aurora shall be destroyed from the current operation location or region when the President of the Republic of Aurora issues a Continuity Fallback Order. Backups located in a different political region shall begin operation to ensure the continuity of the Government.

3. Hard drive placed out of service shall be data erasure (overwriting), the physical drive shall be also destroyed when possible before disposal.


## Section 4: Presidential Safety
1. Under extreme conditions, the President of the Republic of Aurora shall be relocated to an alternative political region within 18 hours.

2. The National Safety Council shall assist the relocation of the President.

3. After the Continuity Fallback Order has been issued, if the President becomes incapacitated, the Presidential Line of Succession will be implemented under the guidance of the National Safety Council.


## Section 5: Legal Conflict
1. Current equity and customary laws in conflict with the laws in force in the territory the server is located in will not be maintained after the completion of the relocation process.

2. Public International Law shall prevail over local laws in force in the territory the server is located in.
